Add new alert modifiers and new alert variation prototype (#1557)
cloudfour/cloudfour.com-patterns: .changeset/two-forks-kiss.md

---
'@cloudfour/patterns': minor
---

> Add 2 new modifiers for the alert pattern

Reviewer: Let's be more specific about this message...

```suggestion
Add optional icon and floating modifier to the Alert component
```
